This test will vary depending on the game chosen. All variations will have objects missing from the environment. The objects will appear in player inventory to be placed in the world. All objects can be picked up and placed again by the player. Once the last object has been placed the player will be told to hit the esc key when done. This option will only be available once their inventory is empty. Hitting the esc key with an empty inventory will end the game and the test.

* [Snap Shot](./Testee-Use-Case:-Environment-Navigation:-Pokemon-Snap) : The player is put in a room with a projector and the projector shows the picture that they took in the first stage. The player can then step through the picture to interact with the environment. The player is restricted to the area around the shown environment. The environment has been changed by the tester and the player must pick out what has been modified. There will be multiple pictures and the player must fix each one.

* [Scavenger Hunt](./Testee-Use-Case:-Environment-Navigation:-Scavenger-Hunt) : Given a scavenger hunt list item that was removed from its original location, the player is asked to place the item where they think the item was located. The inventory containing the missing objects will be available to the player as soon as this phase starters

* [Time Trial](./Testee-Use-Case:-Environment-Navigation:-Waypoint-Race) : Objects will be missing from the way points. This is to ensure that the test subject will be asked about an area that they have seen multiple times (hopefully from many angles). Test subject will have a list objects that they have to place once they reach each waypoint. Each waypoint will have a different collection of items to place. Leaving the waypoint area will disable the inventory. The player will be able to exit the game no matter where they are as long as all waypoints have all items placed.